TikTok
======

A CLI frontend to TikTak (http://github.com/sys-tech/tiktak)

Hacked together by Gregory Eric Sanderson Turcot Temlett MacDonnell Forbes

All code in this project is licensed under the GPL v3

Installation
------------

    git clone git://github.com/gelendir/tiktok.git
    cd tiktok
    sudo python setup.py install

Configuration
-------------

Copy the file tiktok/config/defaults.cfg to ~/.tiktok/config.cfg and edit at
your leisure. 

Usage
-----

tiktok actions are divided into modules. Each module has a series of commands.
Each command may have an optional list of parameters
For example : To execute the list command in the widget module, you would do

    tiktok widget list

To start task number 1234, you would do

    tiktok task start 1234

tiktok --help will show a list of available modules. Conversely, to show all
commands available in a module, or to see a command's parameters, type

    tiktok module --help
    tiktok module command --help

URL Clock
---------

This is a beta feature, right now only working with https://projets.libeo.com 
and only in live mode. Use it like so : 

	tiktok url live https://projets.libeo.com/issues/0000

It will automatically fetch the project, create the task if it doesn't exist
and start a live clock on it. 

ToDo : 
* This feature could support software instead of url (right now it's based)
on the subdomain to figure out which app runs on the server. 
* Clean the code, right now it's a HUGE hack and dirty code.
* Add RT support. The second app we use at work is RT so I want to add support for it.

